README.md, before:

# Python CICD

Project demonstrates CICD pipeliens configuration using brand new tools

# Installation

1. Clone project from repository
2. Installation of uv using manual: [Installing uv](https://uv.astral.sh/docs/installation)

   MacOS and Linux

   ```bash
   curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh
   ```

   Windows

   ```powershell
   powershell -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -c "irm https://astral.sh/uv/install.ps1 | iex"
   ```
3. Synchronize repository with uv

   ```bash
   uv sync
   ```

# UV commands reference

`uv init --package ` - initialize uv project with packaging.
`uv.lock` - file used to synchronize dependencies amongst deployments.
`uvx ruff format .` - format code in the project to be consistent.
`ruff check --select I --fix` - fix import order, currently ruff format is not taking
for an account import formatting.
`uvx ruff format --check .` - check code formatting in the project.

`uv run pytest tests -v` - run pytest from uv.

# Ruff configuration

* If you like to require docstring add following configuration to `pyproject.toml` file.

*To be fixed*
 
```
[tool.ruff]
lint.extend-select = ["D"]
```

# Mypy configuration

Mypy is sometimes complaining about Pycharm configuration

* Pycharm is not recognising package - Mark `src` directory as source root.
  
  `Skipping analyzing "python_cicd": module is installed, but missing library stubs or py.typed marker  [import-untyped]`.

  * Indicate to mypy src location (library code) file path in `pyproject.toml` file.
  ```
  [tool.mypy]
  mypy_path = "src"
  ```

  * To resolve this issue add `py.typed` file to the `src` / library directory  or cosider using `pyright`.

Commit message:

pytest scenarios added with xdist

README.md, after:

# Python CICD

Project demonstrates CICD pipeliens configuration using brand new tools

# Installation

1. Clone project from repository
2. Installation of uv using
   manual: [Installing uv](https://uv.astral.sh/docs/installation)

   MacOS and Linux

   ```bash
   curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh
   ```

   Windows

   ```powershell
   powershell -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -c "irm https://astral.sh/uv/install.ps1 | iex"
   ```
3. Synchronize repository with uv

   ```bash
   uv sync
   ```

# UV commands reference

`uv init --package ` - initialize uv project with packaging.
`uv.lock` - file used to synchronize dependencies amongst deployments.
`uvx ruff format .` - format code in the project to be consistent.
`ruff check --select I --fix` - fix import order, currently ruff format is not taking
for an account import formatting.
`uvx ruff format --check .` - check code formatting in the project.

`uv run pytest tests -v` - run pytest from uv.

# Ruff configuration

* If you like to require docstring add following configuration to `pyproject.toml` file.

*To be fixed*

```
[tool.ruff]
lint.extend-select = ["D"]
```

# Mypy configuration

Mypy is sometimes complaining about Pycharm configuration

* Pycharm is not recognising package - Mark `src` directory as source root.

  `Skipping analyzing "python_cicd": module is installed, but missing library stubs or py.typed marker  [import-untyped]`.

    * Indicate to mypy src location (library code) file path in `pyproject.toml` file.
  ```
  [tool.mypy]
  mypy_path = "src"
  ```

    * To resolve this issue add `py.typed` file to the `src` / library directory or
      cosider using `pyright`.

# Pytest configuration

* Indicate to mypy src location (library code) file path in `pyproject.toml` file.
  ```
  [tool.mypy]
  mypy_path = "src"
  ```

* Pytest parallel running with xdist plugin
  ```
  [tool.pytest.ini_options]
  addopts = "-v --durations=0 -n auto"
  ``` 
  PyCharm execution is failing - not recognising "-n" option. To run tests in parallel
  use command line.

  Execution possible with command `uv run pytest`
